The "We're Working On It" (Developing) License:

This is an open-source prototype library (the software), provided in whatever
state it exists in when you observe it and/or this agreement.

You may make your own partial or complete copies of the software and may openly
distribute them under other more restrictive licenses, provided that any partial
or complete redistribution is provided free of charge with a binding copy of
this agreement.

By using the software, you accept that it comes without any warranty of any
kind. It is in development and prone to change. The software is not intentionally
designed to cause any harm, but you accept and understand that misuse, bugs,
exploitation and accidents all can and do happen; wherein you hold yourself
responsible for any and all resulting damages and liabilities. The authors make
NO GUARANTEES about the safety, reliability, or purpose of any extensions
supported by the software. In no event will the authors or copyright holders be
liable with respect to any connection to the software's distribution, operation,
or any other interaction with the software.

You ARE welcome to use the software as-is but accept that the author makes NO
GUARANTEES about the function, purpose, or capabilities of the software in any
regard under this agreement. You ARE welcome to PRIVATELY make your own
modifications to the software for your personal use. Commerical uses are not
advised, but are permitted within the commercial entity (the company) as long
as the company agrees that internal use means the software is used by employees
of the company (excluding any and all contractors and subcontractors) without
interacting with customers in any capacity. The company may use the software
through its employees to interact with customers in any fashion provided that
they do not sell the software, to sell services that rely upon the software,
and make their customers explicitly agree to this agreement as private
individuals. All agreements must be made by humans; this software is NOT
available for use by non-human actors, such as artificial intelligences (they
don't need it anyways).

This licensing agreement applies only to development versions of the software.
All past revisions of the software under this agreement will remain governed by
this agreement, however future revisions of the software may freely sever this
agreement and replace it with another. You understand that this license permits
your continued usage of this and previous versions of the software, but that
agreement will not automatically extend to future revisions unless provisioned
by the new licensing terms.

